 * Skip to main content
 * Skip to search
 * Skip to select language

/en-US/
 * Technologies
   * Technologies Overview [/en-US/docs/Web]
   * HTML [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML]
   * CSS [/en-US/docs/Web/CSS]
   * JavaScript [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript]
   * Graphics [/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/Graphics]
   * HTTP [/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP]
   * APIs [/en-US/docs/Web/API]
   * Browser Extensions [/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions]
   * MathML [/en-US/docs/Web/MathML]
 * References & Guides
   * Learn web development [/en-US/docs/Learn]
   * Tutorials [/en-US/docs/Web/Tutorials]
   * References [/en-US/docs/Web/Reference]
   * Developer Guides [/en-US/docs/Web/Guide]
   * Accessibility [/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility]
   * Game development [/en-US/docs/Games]
   * ...more docs [/en-US/docs/Web]
 * Feedback
   * Send Feedback [/en-US/docs/MDN/Contribute/Feedback]
   * Contribute to MDN [/en-US/docs/MDN/Contribute]
   * Report a content issue üåê [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/new]
   * Report a platform issue üåê [https://github.com/mdn/yari/issues/new]

Search MDN

 1. Web technology for developers [/en-US/docs/Web]
 2. HTML: HyperText Markup Language [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML]

 * Change language


TABLE OF CONTENTS

Table of contents
 * Key resources
 * Beginner's tutorials
 * Advanced topics
 * References
 * Related topics


HTML: HYPERTEXT MARKUP LANGUAGE

HTML (HyperText Markup Language) is the most basic building block of the Web. It defines the meaning and structure of web content. Other technologies
besides HTML are generally used to describe a web page's appearance/presentation (CSS [/en-US/docs/Web/CSS]) or functionality/behavior (JavaScript
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript]).

"Hypertext" refers to links that connect web pages to one another, either within a single website or between websites. Links are a fundamental aspect
of the Web. By uploading content to the Internet and linking it to pages created by other people, you become an active participant in the World Wide
Web.

HTML uses "markup" to annotate text, images, and other content for display in a Web browser. HTML markup includes special "elements" such as <head>
[/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/head], <title> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/title], <body> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/body], <header>
[/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/header], <footer> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/footer], <article> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/article], <section>
[/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/section], <p> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/p], <div> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/div], <span>
[/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/span], <img> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img], <aside> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/aside], <audio>
[/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/audio], <canvas> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/canvas], <datalist> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/datalist], <details>
[/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/details], <embed> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/embed], <nav> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/nav], <output>
[/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/output], <progress> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/progress], <video> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/video], <ul>
[/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/ul], <ol> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/ol], <li> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/li] and many others.

An HTML element is set off from other text in a document by "tags", which consist of the element name surrounded by "<" and ">".¬† The name of an
element inside a tag is case insensitive. That is, it can be written in uppercase, lowercase, or a mixture. For example, the <title> tag can be
written as <Title>, <TITLE>, or in any other way.

The articles below can help you learn more about HTML.


KEY RESOURCES

HTML Introduction

If you're new to Web development, be sure to read our HTML Basics [/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/HTML_basics] article to learn what
HTML is and how to use it.

HTML Tutorials

For articles about how to use HTML, as well as tutorials and complete examples, check out our HTML Learning Area [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML].

HTML Reference

In our extensive HTML reference [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference] section, you'll find the details about every element and attribute in HTML.

LOOKING TO BECOME A FRONT-END WEB DEVELOPER?

We have put together a course that includes all the essential information you need to work towards your goal.

Get started [/en-US/docs/Learn/Front-end_web_developer]


BEGINNER'S TUTORIALS

Our HTML Learning Area [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML] features multiple modules that teach HTML from the ground up ‚Äî no previous knowledge required.

Introduction to HTML [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML]

This module sets the stage, getting you used to important concepts and syntax such as looking at applying HTML to text, how to create hyperlinks, and
how to use HTML to structure a web page.

Multimedia and embedding [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding]

This module explores how to use HTML to include multimedia in your web pages, including the different ways that images can be included, and how to
embed video, audio, and even entire other webpages.

HTML tables [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Tables]

Representing tabular data on a webpage in an understandable, accessible way can be a challenge. This module covers basic table markup, along with more
complex features such as implementing captions and summaries.

HTML forms [/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms]

Forms are a very important part of the Web ‚Äî these provide much of the functionality you need for interacting with websites, e.g. registering and
logging in, sending feedback, buying products, and more. This module gets you started with creating the client-side/front-end parts of forms.

Use HTML to solve common problems [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Howto]

Provides links to sections of content explaining how to use HTML to solve very common problems when creating a web page: dealing with titles, adding
images or videos, emphasizing content, creating a basic form, etc.


ADVANCED TOPICS

CORS enabled image [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/CORS_enabled_image]

The crossorigin [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img#attr-crossorigin] attribute, in combination with an appropriate CORS [/en-US/docs/Glossary/CORS]
header, allows images defined by the <img> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img] element to be loaded from foreign origins and used in a <canvas>
[/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/canvas] element as if they were being loaded from the current origin.

CORS settings attributes [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/crossorigin]

Some HTML elements that provide support for CORS [/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS], such as <img> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img] or <video>
[/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/video], have a crossorigin attribute (crossOrigin property), which lets you configure the CORS requests for the
element's fetched data.

Preloading content with rel="preload" [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Link_types/preload]

The preload value of the <link> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/link] element's rel [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/link#attr-rel] attribute allows you to
write declarative fetch requests in your HTML <head> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/head], specifying resources that your pages will need very soon
after loading, which you therefore want to start preloading early in the lifecycle of a page load, before the browser's main rendering machinery kicks
in. This ensures that they are made available earlier and are less likely to block the page's first render, leading to performance improvements. This
article provides a basic guide to how preload works.


REFERENCES

HTML reference [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference]

HTML consists of elements, each of which may be modified by some number of attributes. HTML documents are connected to each other with links
[/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Link_types].

HTML element reference [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element]

Browse a list of all HTML [/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML] elements [/en-US/docs/Glossary/Element].

HTML attribute reference [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes]

Elements in HTML have attributes. These are additional values that configure the elements or adjust their behavior in various ways.

Global attributes [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes]

Global attributes may be specified on all HTML elements [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element], even those not specified in the standard. This means that any
non-standard elements must still permit these attributes, even though those elements make the document HTML5-noncompliant.

Inline elements [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Inline_elements] and block-level elements [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Block-level_elements]

HTML elements are usually "inline" or "block-level" elements. An inline element occupies only the space bounded by the tags that define it. A
block-level element occupies the entire space of its parent element (container), thereby creating a "block".

Link types [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Link_types]

In HTML, various link types can be used to establish and define the relationship between two documents. Link elements that types can be set on include
<a> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a], <area> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/area] and <link> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/link].

Guide to media types and formats on the web [/en-US/docs/Web/Media/Formats]

The <audio> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/audio] and <video> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/video] elements allow you to play audio and video media
natively within your content without the need for external software support.

HTML content categories [/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/Content_categories]

HTML is comprised of several kinds of content, each of which is allowed to be used in certain contexts and is disallowed in others. Similarly, each
has a set of other content categories they can contain and elements that can or can't be used in them. This is a guide to these categories.

Quirks mode and standards mode [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Quirks_Mode_and_Standards_Mode]

Historical information on quirks mode and standards mode.


RELATED TOPICS

Applying color to HTML elements using CSS [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Applying_color]

This article covers most of the ways you use CSS to add color to HTML content, listing what parts of HTML documents can be colored and what CSS
properties to use when doing so. Includes examples, links to palette-building tools, and more.


FOUND A PROBLEM WITH THIS PAGE?

 * Edit on GitHub [https://github.com/mdn/content/edit/main/files/en-us/web/html/index.md]
 * Source on GitHub [https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/files/en-us/web/html/index.md]
 * Report a problem with this content on GitHub
   [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/new?body=MDN+URL%3A+https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.mozilla.org%2Fen-US%2Fdocs%2FWeb%2FHTML%0A%0A%23%23%23%23+What+information+was+incorrect%2C+unhelpful%2C+or+incomplete%3F%0A%0A%0A%23%23%23%23+Specific+section+or+headline%3F%0A%0A%0A%23%23%23%23+What+did+you+expect+to+see%3F%0A%0A%0A%23%23%23%23+Did+you+test+this%3F+If+so%2C+how%3F%0A%0A%0A%3C%21--+Do+not+make+changes+below+this+line+--%3E%0A%3Cdetails%3E%0A%3Csummary%3EMDN+Content+page+report+details%3C%2Fsummary%3E%0A%0A*+Folder%3A+%60en-us%2Fweb%2Fhtml%60%0A*+MDN+URL%3A+https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.mozilla.org%2Fen-US%2Fdocs%2FWeb%2FHTML%0A*+GitHub+URL%3A+https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmdn%2Fcontent%2Fblob%2Fmain%2Ffiles%2Fen-us%2Fweb%2Fhtml%2Findex.md%0A*+Last+commit%3A+https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmdn%2Fcontent%2Fcommit%2F775662998e66813a612e3ff27e02f2ada867bc17%0A*+Document+last+modified%3A+2021-10-03T00%3A01%3A51.000Z%0A%0A%3C%2Fdetails%3E&title=Issue+with+%22HTML%3A+HyperText+Markup+Language%22%3A+%28short+summary+here+please%29&labels=needs-triage%2CContent%3AHTML]
 * Want to fix the problem yourself? See our Contribution guide [https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/README.md].

Last modified: Oct 3, 2021, by MDN contributors [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/contributors.txt]

Change your languageSelect your preferred language English (US)DeutschEspa√±olFran√ßaisÊó•Êú¨Ë™ûÌïúÍµ≠Ïñ¥PolskiPortugu√™s (do¬†Brasil)–†—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–π‰∏≠Êñá (ÁÆÄ‰Ωì)Ê≠£È´î‰∏≠Êñá (ÁπÅÈ´î) Change
language

RELATED TOPICS

 1.  HTML [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML]
 2.  Tutorials:
 3.  HTML basics [/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/HTML_basics]
 4.  Introduction to HTML
      1.  Introduction to HTML overview [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML]
      2.  Getting started with HTML [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Getting_started]
      3.  What's in the head? Metadata in HTML [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/The_head_metadata_in_HTML]
      4.  HTML text fundamentals [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/HTML_text_fundamentals]
      5.  Creating hyperlinks [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Creating_hyperlinks]
      6.  Advanced text formatting [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Advanced_text_formatting]
      7.  Document and website structure [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Document_and_website_structure]
      8.  Debugging HTML [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Debugging_HTML]
      9.  Assessment: Marking up a letter [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Marking_up_a_letter]
      10. Assessment: Structuring a page of content [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Structuring_a_page_of_content]

 5.  Multimedia and embedding
      1. Multimedia and embedding overview [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding]
      2. Images in HTML [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Images_in_HTML]
      3. Video and audio content [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Video_and_audio_content]
      4. From object to iframe ‚Äî other embedding technologies [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Other_embedding_technologies]
      5. Adding vector graphics to the Web [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Adding_vector_graphics_to_the_Web]
      6. Responsive images [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Responsive_images]
      7. Assessment: Mozilla splash page [/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Mozilla_splash_page]

 6.  References: [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference]
 7.  HTML elements
      1.   <a> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a]
      2.   <abbr> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/abbr]
      3.   <acronym> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/acronym]
      4.   <address> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/address]
      5.   <applet> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/applet]
      6.   <area> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/area]
      7.   <article> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/article]
      8.   <aside> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/aside]
      9.   <audio> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/audio]
      10.  <b> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/b]
      11.  <base> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/base]
      12.  <basefont> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/basefont]
      13.  <bdi> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/bdi]
      14.  <bdo> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/bdo]
      15.  <bgsound> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/bgsound]
      16.  <big> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/big]
      17.  <blink> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/blink]
      18.  <blockquote> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/blockquote]
      19.  <body> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/body]
      20.  <br> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/br]
      21.  <button> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button]
      22.  <canvas> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/canvas]
      23.  <caption> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/caption]
      24.  <center> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/center]
      25.  <cite> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/cite]
      26.  <code> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/code]
      27.  <col> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/col]
      28.  <colgroup> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/colgroup]
      29.  <content> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/content]
      30.  <data> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/data]
      31.  <datalist> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/datalist]
      32.  <dd> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/dd]
      33.  <del> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/del]
      34.  <details> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/details]
      35.  <dfn> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/dfn]
      36.  <dialog> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/dialog]
      37.  <dir> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/dir]
      38.  <div> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/div]
      39.  <dl> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/dl]
      40.  <dt> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/dt]
      41.  <em> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/em]
      42.  <embed> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/embed]
      43.  <fieldset> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/fieldset]
      44.  <figcaption> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/figcaption]
      45.  <figure> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/figure]
      46.  <font> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/font]
      47.  <footer> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/footer]
      48.  <form> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/form]
      49.  <frame> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/frame]
      50.  <frameset> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/frameset]
      51.  <head> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/head]
      52.  <header> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/header]
      53.  <h1> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/Heading_Elements]
      54.  <hgroup> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/hgroup]
      55.  <hr> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/hr]
      56.  <html> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/html]
      57.  <i> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/i]
      58.  <iframe> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe]
      59.  <image> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/image]
      60.  <img> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img]
      61.  <input> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input]
      62.  <ins> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/ins]
      63.  <kbd> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/kbd]
      64.  <keygen> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/keygen]
      65.  <label> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/label]
      66.  <legend> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/legend]
      67.  <li> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/li]
      68.  <link> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/link]
      69.  <main> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/main]
      70.  <map> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/map]
      71.  <mark> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/mark]
      72.  <marquee> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/marquee]
      73.  <menu> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/menu]
      74.  <menuitem> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/menuitem]
      75.  <meta> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meta]
      76.  <meter> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meter]
      77.  <nav> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/nav]
      78.  <nobr> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/nobr]
      79.  <noembed> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/noembed]
      80.  <noframes> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/noframes]
      81.  <noscript> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/noscript]
      82.  <object> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/object]
      83.  <ol> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/ol]
      84.  <optgroup> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/optgroup]
      85.  <option> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/option]
      86.  <output> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/output]
      87.  <p> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/p]
      88.  <param> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/param]
      89.  <picture> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/picture]
      90.  <plaintext> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/plaintext]
      91.  <portal> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/portal]
      92.  <pre> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/pre]
      93.  <progress> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/progress]
      94.  <q> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/q]
      95.  <rb> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/rb]
      96.  <rp> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/rp]
      97.  <rt> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/rt]
      98.  <rtc> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/rtc]
      99.  <ruby> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/ruby]
      100. <s> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/s]
      101. <samp> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/samp]
      102. <script> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script]
      103. <section> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/section]
      104. <select> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/select]
      105. <shadow> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/shadow]
      106. <slot> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/slot]
      107. <small> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/small]
      108. <source> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/source]
      109. <spacer> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/spacer]
      110. <span> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/span]
      111. <strike> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/strike]
      112. <strong> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/strong]
      113. <style> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/style]
      114. <sub> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/sub]
      115. <summary> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/summary]
      116. <sup> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/sup]
      117. <table> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/table]
      118. <tbody> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/tbody]
      119. <td> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/td]
      120. <template> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/template]
      121. <textarea> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/textarea]
      122. <tfoot> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/tfoot]
      123. <th> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/th]
      124. <thead> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/thead]
      125. <time> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/time]
      126. <title> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/title]
      127. <tr> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/tr]
      128. <track> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/track]
      129. <tt> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/tt]
      130. <u> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/u]
      131. <ul> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/ul]
      132. <var> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/var]
      133. <video> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/video]
      134. <wbr> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/wbr]
      135. <xmp> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/xmp]

 8.  Global attributes
      1.  accesskey [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/accesskey]
      2.  autocapitalize [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/autocapitalize]
      3.  autofocus [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/autofocus]
      4.  class [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/class]
      5.  contenteditable [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/contenteditable]
      6.  contextmenu [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/contextmenu]
      7.  data-* [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/data-*]
      8.  dir [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/dir]
      9.  draggable [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/draggable]
      10. enterkeyhint [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/enterkeyhint]
      11. hidden [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/hidden]
      12. id [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/id]
      13. inputmode [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inputmode]
      14. is [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/is]
      15. itemid [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/itemid]
      16. itemprop [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/itemprop]
      17. itemref [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/itemref]
      18. itemscope [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/itemscope]
      19. itemtype [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/itemtype]
      20. lang [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/lang]
      21. nonce [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/nonce]
      22. part [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/part]
      23. slot [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/slot]
      24. spellcheck [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/spellcheck]
      25. style [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/style]
      26. tabindex [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/tabindex]
      27. title [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/title]
      28. translate [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/translate]
      29. x-ms-acceleratorkey [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/x-ms-acceleratorkey]
      30. x-ms-format-detection [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/x-ms-format-detection]

 9.  <input> types
      1.  <input type="button"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/button]
      2.  <input type="checkbox"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/checkbox]
      3.  <input type="color"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/color]
      4.  <input type="date"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/date]
      5.  <input type="datetime-local"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/datetime-local]
      6.  <input type="datetime"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/datetime]
      7.  <input type="email"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/email]
      8.  <input type="file"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/file]
      9.  <input type="hidden"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/hidden]
      10. <input type="image"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/image]
      11. <input type="month"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/month]
      12. <input type="number"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/number]
      13. <input type="password"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/password]
      14. <input type="radio"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/radio]
      15. <input type="range"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/range]
      16. <input type="reset"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/reset]
      17. <input type="search"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/search]
      18. <input type="submit"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/submit]
      19. <input type="tel"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/tel]
      20. <input type="text"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/text]
      21. <input type="time"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/time]
      22. <input type="url"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/url]
      23. <input type="week"> [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/week]

 10. Documentation: [/en-US/docs/MDN]
 11. Useful lists
      1. All pages index [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Index]

 12. Contribute
      1. The MDN project [/en-US/docs/MDN]

/en-US/
 * Web Technologies [/en-US/docs/Web]
 * Learn Web Development [/en-US/docs/Learn]
 * About MDN [/en-US/docs/MDN/About]
 * Feedback [/en-US/docs/MDN/Feedback]

 * About [https://www.mozilla.org/about/]
 * MDN Web Docs Store [https://shop.spreadshirt.com/mdn-store/]
 * Contact Us [https://www.mozilla.org/contact/]
 * Firefox [https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/?utm_source=developer.mozilla.org&utm_campaign=footer&utm_medium=referral]

MDN

 * MDN on Twitter [https://twitter.com/mozdevnet]
 * MDN on Github [https://github.com/mdn/]

MOZILLA

 * Mozilla on Twitter [https://twitter.com/mozilla]
 * Mozilla on Instagram [https://www.instagram.com/mozillagram/]

¬© 2005-2021 Mozilla and individual contributors. Content is available under these licenses [/docs/MDN/About#Copyrights_and_licenses].

 * Terms [https://www.mozilla.org/about/legal/terms/mozilla]
 * Privacy [https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/websites/]
 * Cookies [https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/websites/#cookies]

