 * Skip to main content
 * Skip to search
 * Skip to select language

/en-US/
 * Technologies
   * Technologies Overview [/en-US/docs/Web]
   * HTML [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML]
   * CSS [/en-US/docs/Web/CSS]
   * JavaScript [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript]
   * Graphics [/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/Graphics]
   * HTTP [/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP]
   * APIs [/en-US/docs/Web/API]
   * Browser Extensions [/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions]
   * MathML [/en-US/docs/Web/MathML]
 * References & Guides
   * Learn web development [/en-US/docs/Learn]
   * Tutorials [/en-US/docs/Web/Tutorials]
   * References [/en-US/docs/Web/Reference]
   * Developer Guides [/en-US/docs/Web/Guide]
   * Accessibility [/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility]
   * Game development [/en-US/docs/Games]
   * ...more docs [/en-US/docs/Web]
 * Feedback
   * Send Feedback [/en-US/docs/MDN/Contribute/Feedback]
   * Contribute to MDN [/en-US/docs/MDN/Contribute]
   * Report a content issue 🌐 [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/new]
   * Report a platform issue 🌐 [https://github.com/mdn/yari/issues/new]

Search MDN

 * Change language


TABLE OF CONTENTS

Table of contents
 * The Core Tools
 * More Tools
 * Connecting the Developer Tools
 * Debugging the browser
 * Extending DevTools
 * Migrating from Firebug
 * Contribute


FIREFOX DEVELOPER TOOLS

Firefox Developer Tools is a set of web developer tools built into Firefox. You can use them to examine, edit, and debug HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

This section contains detailed guides to all of the tools as well as information on how to debug Firefox for Android, how to extend DevTools, and how
to debug the browser as a whole.

If you have any feedback on DevTools or want to contribute to the project, you can join the DevTools community [https://firefox-dev.tools/].

Note: If you are just getting started with web development and using developer tools, our learning [/en-US/docs/Learn] docs will help you — see
Getting started with the Web [/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web] and What are browser developer tools?
[/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/What_are_browser_developer_tools] for good starting points.


THE CORE TOOLS

You can open the Firefox Developer Tools from the menu by selecting Tools > Web Developer > Web Developer Tools or use the keyboard shortcut  Ctrl +
Shift + I or F12 on Windows and Linux, or Cmd + Opt + I on macOS.

The ellipsis menu on the right-hand side of Developer Tools contains several commands that let you perform actions or change tool settings.

[/en-US/docs/Tools/devtools_layoutmenu.png]

[/en-US/docs/Tools/iframe_button.png] This button only appears when there are multiple iframes on a page. Click it to display a list of the iframes on
the current page and select the one with which you want to work. [/en-US/docs/Tools/camera_button.png] Click this button to take a screenshot of the
current page. (Note: This feature is not turned on by default and must be enabled in settings before the icon will appear.)
[/en-US/docs/Tools/responsive_button.png] Toggles Responsive Design Mode. [/en-US/docs/Tools/menu_button.png] Opens the menu that includes docking
options, the ability to show or hide the split console, and Developer Tools settings. The menu also includes links to the documentation for Firefox
Web Tools and the Mozilla Community. [/en-US/docs/Tools/close_button.png] Closes the Developer Tools


PAGE INSPECTOR

View and edit page content and layout. Visualize many aspects of the page including the box model, animations, and grid layouts.

The all-new Inspector panel in Firefox 57. [/en-US/docs/Tools/landingpage_pageinspector.png] [/en-US/docs/Tools/Page_Inspector]


WEB CONSOLE

See messages logged by a web page and interact with the page using JavaScript.

The all-new Console in Firefox 57. [/en-US/docs/Tools/landingpage_console.png] [/en-US/docs/Tools/Web_Console]


JAVASCRIPT DEBUGGER

Stop, step through, and examine the JavaScript running on a page.

The all-new Firefox 57 Debugger.html [/en-US/docs/Tools/landingpage_debugger.png] [/en-US/docs/Tools/Debugger]


NETWORK MONITOR

See the network requests made when a page is loaded.

The Network panel in Firefox 57 DevTools. [/en-US/docs/Tools/landingpage_network.png] [/en-US/docs/Tools/Network_Monitor]


PERFORMANCE TOOLS

Analyze your site's general responsiveness, JavaScript, and layout performance.

Performance Tools in Firefox 57 Developer Tools [/en-US/docs/Tools/landingpage_performance.png] [/en-US/docs/Tools/Performance]


RESPONSIVE DESIGN MODE

See how your website or app will look and behave on different devices and network types.

Responsive Design mode in Firefox 57. [/en-US/docs/Tools/landingpage_responsivedesign.png] [/en-US/docs/Tools/Responsive_Design_Mode]


ACCESSIBILITY INSPECTOR

Provides a means to access the page's accessibility tree, allowing you to check what's missing or otherwise needs attention.

Performance Tools in Firefox 57 Developer Tools [/en-US/docs/Tools/landingpage_accessibility.png] [/en-US/docs/Tools/Accessibility_inspector]


APPLICATION PANEL

Provides tools for inspecting and debugging modern web apps (also known as Progressive Web Apps [/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps]). This includes
inspection of service workers [/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API] and web app manifests [/en-US/docs/Web/Manifest].

Performance Tools in Firefox 57 Developer Tools [/en-US/docs/Tools/just-application-panel.png] [/en-US/docs/Tools/Application]

Note: The collective term for the UI inside which the DevTools all live is the Toolbox [/en-US/docs/Tools/Tools_Toolbox].


MORE TOOLS

These developer tools are also built into Firefox. Unlike the "Core Tools" above, you might not use them every day.

Memory [/en-US/docs/Tools/Memory] Figure out which objects are keeping memory in use. Storage Inspector [/en-US/docs/Tools/Storage_Inspector] Inspect
cookies, local storage, indexedDB, and session storage present in a page. DOM Property Viewer [/en-US/docs/Tools/DOM_Property_Viewer] Inspect the
page's DOM properties, functions, etc. Eyedropper [/en-US/docs/Tools/Eyedropper] Select a color from the page. Style Editor
[/en-US/docs/Tools/Style_Editor] View and edit CSS styles for the current page. Taking screenshots [/en-US/docs/Tools/Taking_screenshots] Take a
screenshot of the entire page or of a single element. Measure a portion of the page [/en-US/docs/Tools/Measure_a_portion_of_the_page] Measure a
specific area of a web page. Rulers [/en-US/docs/Tools/Rulers] Overlay horizontal and vertical rulers on a web page

[/en-US/docs/Tools/logo-developer-quantum.png]

For the latest developer tools and features, try Firefox Developer Edition.

Download Firefox Developer Edition [https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/developer/]




CONNECTING THE DEVELOPER TOOLS

If you open the developer tools using keyboard shortcuts [/en-US/docs/Tools/Keyboard_shortcuts#opening_and_closing_tools] or the equivalent menu
items, they'll target the document hosted by the currently active tab. But you can attach the tools to a variety of other targets, too, both within
the current browser and in different browsers or even different devices.

about:debugging [/en-US/docs/Tools/about:debugging] Debug add-ons, content tabs, and workers running in the browser. Connecting to Firefox for Android
[/en-US/docs/Tools/about:debugging#connecting_over_the_network] Connect the developer tools to an instance of Firefox running on an Android device.
Connecting to iframes [/en-US/docs/Tools/Working_with_iframes] Connect the developer tools to a specific iframe in the current page. Connecting to
other browsers [/en-US/docs/Tools/Valence] Connect the developer tools to Chrome on Android and Safari on iOS.


DEBUGGING THE BROWSER

By default, the developer tools are attached to a web page or web app. But you can also connect them to the browser as a whole. This is useful for
browser and add-on development.

Browser Console [/en-US/docs/Tools/Browser_Console] See messages logged by the browser itself and by add-ons, and run JavaScript code in the browser's
scope. Browser Toolbox [/en-US/docs/Tools/Browser_Toolbox] Attach the Developer Tools to the browser itself.


EXTENDING DEVTOOLS

For information on extending the Firefox DevTools, see Extending the developer tools
[/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Extending_the_developer_tools] over in the Browser Extensions [/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions]
section of MDN.


MIGRATING FROM FIREBUG

Firebug has come to the end of its lifespan (see Firebug lives on in Firefox DevTools
[https://hacks.mozilla.org/2016/12/firebug-lives-on-in-firefox-devtools/] for details of why), and we appreciate that some people will find migrating
to another less familiar set of DevTools to be challenging. To ease a transition from Firebug to the Firefox developer tools, we have written a handy
guide — Migrating from Firebug [/en-US/docs/Tools/Migrating_from_Firebug].


CONTRIBUTE

If you want to help improve the developer tools, these resources will get you started.

Get Involved [https://firefox-dev.tools/] Our community website explains how to get involved. bugs.firefox-dev.tools [https://bugs.firefox-dev.tools/]
A tool helping to find bugs to work on.


FOUND A PROBLEM WITH THIS PAGE?

 * Edit on GitHub [https://github.com/mdn/content/edit/main/files/en-us/tools/index.html]
 * Source on GitHub [https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/files/en-us/tools/index.html]
 * Report a problem with this content on GitHub
   [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/new?body=MDN+URL%3A+https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.mozilla.org%2Fen-US%2Fdocs%2FTools%0A%0A%23%23%23%23+What+information+was+incorrect%2C+unhelpful%2C+or+incomplete%3F%0A%0A%0A%23%23%23%23+Specific+section+or+headline%3F%0A%0A%0A%23%23%23%23+What+did+you+expect+to+see%3F%0A%0A%0A%23%23%23%23+Did+you+test+this%3F+If+so%2C+how%3F%0A%0A%0A%3C%21--+Do+not+make+changes+below+this+line+--%3E%0A%3Cdetails%3E%0A%3Csummary%3EMDN+Content+page+report+details%3C%2Fsummary%3E%0A%0A*+Folder%3A+%60en-us%2Ftools%60%0A*+MDN+URL%3A+https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.mozilla.org%2Fen-US%2Fdocs%2FTools%0A*+GitHub+URL%3A+https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmdn%2Fcontent%2Fblob%2Fmain%2Ffiles%2Fen-us%2Ftools%2Findex.html%0A*+Last+commit%3A+https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmdn%2Fcontent%2Fcommit%2F21355429c64bc978053113cb1112950c7e411793%0A*+Document+last+modified%3A+2021-10-10T23%3A23%3A05.000Z%0A%0A%3C%2Fdetails%3E&title=Issue+with+%22Firefox+Developer+Tools%22%3A+%28short+summary+here+please%29&labels=needs-triage%2CContent%3ADevTools]
 * Want to fix the problem yourself? See our Contribution guide [https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/README.md].

Last modified: Oct 10, 2021, by MDN contributors [/en-US/docs/Tools/contributors.txt]

Change your languageSelect your preferred language English (US)DeutschEspañolFrançais日本語한국어PolskiPortuguês (do Brasil)Русский中文 (简体)正體中文 (繁體) Change
language

RELATED TOPICS

 1.  Page Inspector [/en-US/docs/Tools/Page_Inspector]
 2.  Web Console [/en-US/docs/Tools/Web_Console]
 3.  JavaScript Debugger [/en-US/docs/Tools/Debugger]
 4.  Network Monitor [/en-US/docs/Tools/Network_Monitor]
 5.  Performance [/en-US/docs/Tools/Performance]
 6.  Application [/en-US/docs/Tools/Application]
 7.  Responsive Design Mode [/en-US/docs/Tools/Responsive_Design_Mode]
 8.  Accessibility Inspector [/en-US/docs/Tools/Accessibility_inspector]
 9.  More Tools
      1. Memory [/en-US/docs/Tools/Memory]
      2. Storage Inspector [/en-US/docs/Tools/Storage_Inspector]
      3. DOM Property Viewer [/en-US/docs/Tools/DOM_Property_Viewer]
      4. Eyedropper [/en-US/docs/Tools/Eyedropper]
      5. Screenshot [/en-US/docs/Tools/Taking_screenshots]
      6. Style Editor [/en-US/docs/Tools/Style_Editor]
      7. Rulers [/en-US/docs/Tools/Rulers]
      8. Measure a portion of the page [/en-US/docs/Tools/Measure_a_portion_of_the_page]
      9. View Source [/en-US/docs/Tools/View_source]

 10. Connecting the devtools
      1. about:debugging [/en-US/docs/Tools/about:debugging]
      2. Connecting to Firefox for Android [/en-US/docs/Tools/Remote_Debugging/Debugging_Firefox_for_Android_over_Wifi]
      3. Connecting to iframes [/en-US/docs/Tools/Working_with_iframes]
      4. Connecting to other browsers [/en-US/docs/Tools/Valence]

 11. Debugging the browser
      1. Browser Console [/en-US/docs/Tools/Browser_Console]
      2. Browser Toolbox [/en-US/docs/Tools/Browser_Toolbox]

 12. Extending the devtools [/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Extending_the_developer_tools]
 13. Settings [/en-US/docs/Tools/Settings]
 14. Tips [/en-US/docs/Tools/Tips]
 15. Release notes [/en-US/docs/Tools/Release_notes]

/en-US/
 * Web Technologies [/en-US/docs/Web]
 * Learn Web Development [/en-US/docs/Learn]
 * About MDN [/en-US/docs/MDN/About]
 * Feedback [/en-US/docs/MDN/Feedback]

 * About [https://www.mozilla.org/about/]
 * MDN Web Docs Store [https://shop.spreadshirt.com/mdn-store/]
 * Contact Us [https://www.mozilla.org/contact/]
 * Firefox [https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/?utm_source=developer.mozilla.org&utm_campaign=footer&utm_medium=referral]

MDN

 * MDN on Twitter [https://twitter.com/mozdevnet]
 * MDN on Github [https://github.com/mdn/]

MOZILLA

 * Mozilla on Twitter [https://twitter.com/mozilla]
 * Mozilla on Instagram [https://www.instagram.com/mozillagram/]

© 2005-2021 Mozilla and individual contributors. Content is available under these licenses [/docs/MDN/About#Copyrights_and_licenses].

 * Terms [https://www.mozilla.org/about/legal/terms/mozilla]
 * Privacy [https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/websites/]
 * Cookies [https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/websites/#cookies]

