 * Skip to main content
 * Skip to search
 * Skip to select language

/en-US/
 * Technologies
   * Technologies Overview [/en-US/docs/Web]
   * HTML [/en-US/docs/Web/HTML]
   * CSS [/en-US/docs/Web/CSS]
   * JavaScript [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript]
   * Graphics [/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/Graphics]
   * HTTP [/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP]
   * APIs [/en-US/docs/Web/API]
   * Browser Extensions [/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions]
   * MathML [/en-US/docs/Web/MathML]
 * References & Guides
   * Learn web development [/en-US/docs/Learn]
   * Tutorials [/en-US/docs/Web/Tutorials]
   * References [/en-US/docs/Web/Reference]
   * Developer Guides [/en-US/docs/Web/Guide]
   * Accessibility [/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility]
   * Game development [/en-US/docs/Games]
   * ...more docs [/en-US/docs/Web]
 * Feedback
   * Send Feedback [/en-US/docs/MDN/Contribute/Feedback]
   * Contribute to MDN [/en-US/docs/MDN/Contribute]
   * Report a content issue üåê [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/new]
   * Report a platform issue üåê [https://github.com/mdn/yari/issues/new]

Search MDN

 1. Web technology for developers [/en-US/docs/Web]
 2. JavaScript [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript]

 * Change language


TABLE OF CONTENTS

Table of contents
 * Tutorials
 * Reference
 * Tools & resources


JAVASCRIPT

JavaScript (JS) is a lightweight, interpreted, or just-in-time [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Just-in-time_compilation] compiled programming language
with first-class functions [/en-US/docs/Glossary/First-class_Function]. While it is most well-known as the scripting language for Web pages, many
non-browser environments [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript#Other_usage] also use it, such as Node.js [/en-US/docs/Glossary/Node.js], Apache
CouchDB [https://couchdb.apache.org/] and Adobe Acrobat [https://www.adobe.com/devnet/acrobat/javascript.html]. JavaScript is a prototype-based
[/en-US/docs/Glossary/Prototype-based_programming], multi-paradigm, single-threaded, dynamic language, supporting object-oriented, imperative, and
declarative (e.g. functional programming) styles. Read more about JavaScript [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/About_JavaScript].

This section is dedicated to the JavaScript language itself, and not the parts that are specific to Web pages or other host environments. For
information about API [/en-US/docs/Glossary/API] specifics to Web pages, please see Web APIs [/en-US/docs/Web/API] and DOM [/en-US/docs/Glossary/DOM].

The standards for JavaScript are the ECMAScript Language Specification [https://tc39.es/ecma262/] (ECMA-262) and the ECMAScript Internationalization
API specification [https://tc39.es/ecma402/] (ECMA-402). The JavaScript documentation throughout MDN is based on the latest draft versions of ECMA-262
and ECMA-402. And in cases where some proposals for new ECMAScript features [https://github.com/tc39/proposals] have already been implemented in
browsers, documentation and examples in MDN articles may use some of those new features.

Do not confuse JavaScript with the Java programming language [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(programming_language)]. Both "Java" and "JavaScript"
are trademarks or registered trademarks of Oracle in the U.S. and other countries. However, the two programming languages have very different syntax,
semantics, and use.

Looking to become a front-end web developer?

We have put together a course that includes all the essential information you need to work towards your goal.

Get started [/en-US/docs/Learn/Front-end_web_developer]


TUTORIALS

Learn how to program in JavaScript with guides and tutorials.


FOR COMPLETE BEGINNERS

Head over to our Learning Area JavaScript topic [/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript] if you want to learn JavaScript but have no previous experience with
JavaScript or programming. The complete modules available there are as follows:

JavaScript first steps [/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/First_steps]

Answers some fundamental questions such as "what is JavaScript?", "what does it look like?", and "what can it do?", along with discussing key
JavaScript features such as variables, strings, numbers, and arrays.

JavaScript building blocks [/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks]

Continues our coverage of JavaScript's key fundamental features, turning our attention to commonly-encountered types of code blocks such as
conditional statements, loops, functions, and events.

Introducing JavaScript objects [/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects]

The object-oriented nature of JavaScript is important to understand if you want to go further with your knowledge of the language and write more
efficient code, therefore we've provided this module to help you.

Asynchronous JavaScript [/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Asynchronous]

Discusses asynchronous JavaScript, why it is important, and how it can be used to effectively handle potential blocking operations such as fetching
resources from a server.

Client-side web APIs [/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs]

Explores what APIs are, and how to use some of the most common APIs you'll come across often in your development work.


JAVASCRIPT GUIDE

JavaScript Guide [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide]

A much more detailed guide to the JavaScript language, aimed at those with previous programming experience either in JavaScript or another language.


INTERMEDIATE

Understanding client-side JavaScript frameworks [/en-US/docs/Learn/Tools_and_testing/Client-side_JavaScript_frameworks]

JavaScript frameworks are an essential part of modern front-end web development, providing developers with proven tools for building scalable,
interactive web applications. This module gives you some fundamental background knowledge about how client-side frameworks work and how they fit into
your toolset, before moving on to tutorial series covering some of today's most popular ones.

A re-introduction to JavaScript [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript]

An overview for those who think they know about JavaScript.

JavaScript data structures [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Data_structures]

Overview of available data structures in JavaScript.

Equality comparisons and sameness [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Equality_comparisons_and_sameness]

JavaScript provides three different value-comparison operations: strict equality using ===, loose equality using ==, and the Object.is()
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/is] method.

Closures [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Closures]

A closure is the combination of a function and the lexical environment within which that function was declared.


ADVANCED

Inheritance and the prototype chain [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Inheritance_and_the_prototype_chain]

Explanation of the widely misunderstood and under-estimated prototype-based inheritance.

Strict mode [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Strict_mode]

Strict mode defines that you can not use any variable before initializing it. It is a restricted variant of ECMAScript 5, for faster performance and
easier debugging.

JavaScript typed arrays [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Typed_arrays]

JavaScript typed arrays provide a mechanism for accessing raw binary data.

Memory Management [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Memory_Management]

Memory life cycle and garbage collection in JavaScript.

Concurrency model and Event Loop [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/EventLoop]

JavaScript has a concurrency model based on an "event loop".


REFERENCE

Browse the complete JavaScript reference [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference] documentation.

Standard objects [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects]

Get to know standard built-in objects Array [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array], Boolean
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean], Date [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date], Error
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error], Function [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Function], JSON
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON], Math [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Math], Number
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number], Object [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object], RegExp
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/RegExp], String [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String], Map
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map], Set [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Set], WeakMap
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/WeakMap], WeakSet [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/WeakSet], and others.

Expressions and operators [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators]

Learn more about the behavior of JavaScript's operators instanceof [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/instanceof], typeof
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/typeof], new [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/new], this
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/this], the operator precedence [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Operator_Precedence],
and more.

Statements and declarations [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements]

Learn how do-while [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/do...while], for-in [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for...in],
for-of [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for...of], try-catch [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/try...catch], let
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/let], var [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/var], const
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/const], if-else [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/if...else], switch
[/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/switch], and more JavaScript statements and keywords work.

Functions [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions]

Learn how to work with JavaScript's functions to develop your applications.


TOOLS & RESOURCES

Helpful tools for writing and debugging your JavaScript code.

Firefox Developer Tools [/en-US/docs/Tools]

Web Console [/en-US/docs/Tools/Web_Console], JavaScript Profiler [/en-US/docs/Tools/Performance], Debugger [/en-US/docs/Tools/Debugger], and more.

JavaScript Shells [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Shells]

A JavaScript shell allows you to quickly test snippets of JavaScript code.

Learn JavaScript [https://learnjavascript.online/]

An excellent resource for aspiring web developers ‚Äî Learn JavaScript in an interactive environment, with short lessons and interactive tests, guided
by automated assessment. The first 40 lessons are free, and the complete course is available for a small one-time payment.

TogetherJS [https://togetherjs.com/]

Collaboration made easy. By adding TogetherJS to your site, your users can help each other out on a website in real-time!

Stack Overflow [https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/javascript]

Stack Overflow questions tagged with "JavaScript".

JSFiddle [https://jsfiddle.net/]

Edit JavaScript, CSS, HTML and get live results. Use external resources and collaborate with your team online.

Plunker [https://plnkr.co/]

Plunker is an online community for creating, collaborating on and sharing your web development ideas. Edit your JavaScript, CSS, HTML files and get
live results and file structure.

JSBin [https://jsbin.com/]

JS Bin is an open-source collaborative web development debugging tool.

Codepen [https://codepen.io/]

Codepen is another collaborative web development tool used as a live result playground.

StackBlitz [https://stackblitz.com/]

StackBlitz is another online playground/debugging tool, which can host and deploy full-stack applications using React, Angular, etc.

RunJS [https://runjs.app/]

RunJS is a desktop playground/scratchpad tool, which provides live results and access to both Node and Browser APIs.


FOUND A PROBLEM WITH THIS PAGE?

 * Edit on GitHub [https://github.com/mdn/content/edit/main/files/en-us/web/javascript/index.md]
 * Source on GitHub [https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/files/en-us/web/javascript/index.md]
 * Report a problem with this content on GitHub
   [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/new?body=MDN+URL%3A+https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.mozilla.org%2Fen-US%2Fdocs%2FWeb%2FJavaScript%0A%0A%23%23%23%23+What+information+was+incorrect%2C+unhelpful%2C+or+incomplete%3F%0A%0A%0A%23%23%23%23+Specific+section+or+headline%3F%0A%0A%0A%23%23%23%23+What+did+you+expect+to+see%3F%0A%0A%0A%23%23%23%23+Did+you+test+this%3F+If+so%2C+how%3F%0A%0A%0A%3C%21--+Do+not+make+changes+below+this+line+--%3E%0A%3Cdetails%3E%0A%3Csummary%3EMDN+Content+page+report+details%3C%2Fsummary%3E%0A%0A*+Folder%3A+%60en-us%2Fweb%2Fjavascript%60%0A*+MDN+URL%3A+https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.mozilla.org%2Fen-US%2Fdocs%2FWeb%2FJavaScript%0A*+GitHub+URL%3A+https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmdn%2Fcontent%2Fblob%2Fmain%2Ffiles%2Fen-us%2Fweb%2Fjavascript%2Findex.md%0A*+Last+commit%3A+https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmdn%2Fcontent%2Fcommit%2Fe42c2ec657da835d37974391a803497e5c110d40%0A*+Document+last+modified%3A+2021-07-28T21%3A15%3A50.000Z%0A%0A%3C%2Fdetails%3E&title=Issue+with+%22JavaScript%22%3A+%28short+summary+here+please%29&labels=needs-triage%2CContent%3AJS]
 * Want to fix the problem yourself? See our Contribution guide [https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/README.md].

Last modified: Jul 28, 2021, by MDN contributors [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/contributors.txt]

Change your languageSelect your preferred language English (US)DeutschEspa√±olFran√ßaisÊó•Êú¨Ë™ûÌïúÍµ≠Ïñ¥PolskiPortugu√™s (do¬†Brasil)–†—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–π‰∏≠Êñá (ÁÆÄ‰Ωì)Ê≠£È´î‰∏≠Êñá (ÁπÅÈ´î) Change
language

RELATED TOPICS

 1.  JavaScript [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript]
 2.  Tutorials: [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Tutorials]
 3.  Complete beginners
      1. JavaScript basics [/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/JavaScript_basics]
      2. JavaScript first steps [/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/First_steps]
      3. JavaScript building blocks [/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks]
      4. Introducing JavaScript objects [/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects]

 4.  JavaScript Guide
      1.  Introduction [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Introduction]
      2.  Grammar and types [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Grammar_and_Types]
      3.  Control flow and error handling [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Control_flow_and_error_handling]
      4.  Loops and iteration [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Loops_and_iteration]
      5.  Functions [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Functions]
      6.  Expressions and operators [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Expressions_and_Operators]
      7.  Numbers and dates [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Numbers_and_dates]
      8.  Text formatting [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Text_formatting]
      9.  Regular expressions [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions]
      10. Indexed collections [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Indexed_collections]
      11. Keyed collections [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Keyed_collections]
      12. Working with objects [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Working_with_Objects]
      13. Details of the object model [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Details_of_the_Object_Model]
      14. Using promises [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Using_promises]
      15. Iterators and generators [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Iterators_and_generators]
      16. Meta programming [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Meta_programming]
      17. JavaScript modules [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules]

 5.  Intermediate
      1. Client-side JavaScript frameworks [/en-US/docs/Learn/Tools_and_testing/Client-side_JavaScript_frameworks]
      2. Client-side web APIs [/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs]
      3. A re-introduction to JavaScript [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript]
      4. JavaScript data structures [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Data_structures]
      5. Equality comparisons and sameness [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Equality_comparisons_and_sameness]
      6. Closures [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Closures]

 6.  Advanced
      1. Inheritance and the prototype chain [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Inheritance_and_the_prototype_chain]
      2. Strict mode [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Strict_mode]
      3. JavaScript typed arrays [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Typed_arrays]
      4. Memory Management [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Memory_Management]
      5. Concurrency model and Event Loop [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/EventLoop]

 7.  References: [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference]
 8.  Built-in objects
      1.  AggregateError [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/AggregateError]
      2.  Array [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array]
      3.  ArrayBuffer [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/ArrayBuffer]
      4.  AsyncFunction [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/AsyncFunction]
      5.  Atomics [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Atomics]
      6.  BigInt [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt]
      7.  BigInt64Array [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt64Array]
      8.  BigUint64Array [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigUint64Array]
      9.  Boolean [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean]
      10. DataView [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/DataView]
      11. Date [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date]
      12. decodeURI() [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/decodeURI]
      13. decodeURIComponent() [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/decodeURIComponent]
      14. encodeURI() [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/encodeURI]
      15. encodeURIComponent() [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/encodeURIComponent]
      16. Error [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error]
      17. escape() [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/escape]
      18. eval() [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval]
      19. EvalError [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/EvalError]
      20. FinalizationRegistry [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/FinalizationRegistry]
      21. Float32Array [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Float32Array]
      22. Float64Array [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Float64Array]
      23. Function [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Function]
      24. Generator [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Generator]
      25. GeneratorFunction [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/GeneratorFunction]
      26. globalThis [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/globalThis]
      27. Infinity [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Infinity]
      28. Int16Array [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Int16Array]
      29. Int32Array [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Int32Array]
      30. Int8Array [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Int8Array]
      31. InternalError [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/InternalError]
      32. Intl [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl]
      33. isFinite() [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/isFinite]
      34. isNaN() [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/isNaN]
      35. JSON [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON]
      36. Map [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map]
      37. Math [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Math]
      38. NaN [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/NaN]
      39. null [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/null]
      40. Number [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number]
      41. Object [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object]
      42. parseFloat() [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/parseFloat]
      43. parseInt() [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/parseInt]
      44. Promise [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise]
      45. Proxy [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Proxy]
      46. RangeError [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/RangeError]
      47. ReferenceError [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/ReferenceError]
      48. Reflect [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Reflect]
      49. RegExp [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/RegExp]
      50. Set [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Set]
      51. SharedArrayBuffer [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SharedArrayBuffer]
      52. String [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String]
      53. Symbol [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Symbol]
      54. SyntaxError [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SyntaxError]
      55. TypedArray [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypedArray]
      56. TypeError [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypeError]
      57. Uint16Array [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint16Array]
      58. Uint32Array [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint32Array]
      59. Uint8Array [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8Array]
      60. Uint8ClampedArray [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8ClampedArray]
      61. undefined [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined]
      62. unescape() [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/unescape]
      63. uneval() [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/uneval]
      64. URIError [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/URIError]
      65. WeakMap [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/WeakMap]
      66. WeakRef [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/WeakRef]
      67. WeakSet [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/WeakSet]
      68. WebAssembly [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/WebAssembly]

 9.  Expressions & operators
      1.  Addition assignment (+=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Addition_assignment]
      2.  Addition (+) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Addition]
      3.  Assignment (=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Assignment]
      4.  async function expression [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/async_function]
      5.  await [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/await]
      6.  Bitwise AND assignment (&=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Bitwise_AND_assignment]
      7.  Bitwise AND (&) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Bitwise_AND]
      8.  Bitwise NOT (~) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Bitwise_NOT]
      9.  Bitwise OR assignment (|=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Bitwise_OR_assignment]
      10. Bitwise OR (|) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Bitwise_OR]
      11. Bitwise XOR assignment (^=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Bitwise_XOR_assignment]
      12. Bitwise XOR (^) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Bitwise_XOR]
      13. class expression [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/class]
      14. Comma operator (,) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Comma_Operator]
      15. Conditional (ternary) operator [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Conditional_Operator]
      16. Decrement (--) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Decrement]
      17. delete operator [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/delete]
      18. Destructuring assignment [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment]
      19. Division assignment (/=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Division_assignment]
      20. Division (/) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Division]
      21. Equality (==) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Equality]
      22. Exponentiation assignment (**=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Exponentiation_assignment]
      23. Exponentiation (**) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Exponentiation]
      24. function* expression [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/function*]
      25. Function expression [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/function]
      26. Greater than or equal (>=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Greater_than_or_equal]
      27. Greater than (>) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Greater_than]
      28. Grouping operator ( ) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Grouping]
      29. in operator [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/in]
      30. Increment (++) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Increment]
      31. Inequality (!=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Inequality]
      32. instanceof [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/instanceof]
      33. Left shift assignment (<<=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Left_shift_assignment]
      34. Left shift (<<) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Left_shift]
      35. Less than or equal (<=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Less_than_or_equal]
      36. Less than (<) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Less_than]
      37. Logical AND assignment (&&=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Logical_AND_assignment]
      38. Logical AND (&&) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Logical_AND]
      39. Logical NOT (!) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Logical_NOT]
      40. Logical nullish assignment (??=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Logical_nullish_assignment]
      41. Logical OR assignment (||=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Logical_OR_assignment]
      42. Logical OR (||) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Logical_OR]
      43. Multiplication assignment (*=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Multiplication_assignment]
      44. Multiplication (*) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Multiplication]
      45. new.target [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/new.target]
      46. new operator [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/new]
      47. Nullish coalescing operator (??) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Nullish_coalescing_operator]
      48. Object initializer [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Object_initializer]
      49. Operator precedence [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Operator_Precedence]
      50. Optional chaining (?.) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Optional_chaining]
      51. Property accessors [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Property_Accessors]
      52. Remainder assignment (%=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Remainder_assignment]
      53. Remainder (%) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Remainder]
      54. Right shift assignment (>>=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Right_shift_assignment]
      55. Right shift (>>) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Right_shift]
      56. Spread syntax (...) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Spread_syntax]
      57. Strict equality (===) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Strict_equality]
      58. Strict inequality (!==) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Strict_inequality]
      59. Subtraction assignment (-=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Subtraction_assignment]
      60. Subtraction (-) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Subtraction]
      61. super [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/super]
      62. this [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/this]
      63. typeof [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/typeof]
      64. Unary negation (-) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Unary_negation]
      65. Unary plus (+) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Unary_plus]
      66. Unsigned right shift assignment (>>>=) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Unsigned_right_shift_assignment]
      67. Unsigned right shift (>>>) [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Unsigned_right_shift]
      68. void operator [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/void]
      69. yield* [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/yield*]
      70. yield [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/yield]

 10. Statements & declarations
      1.  async function [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function]
      2.  block [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/block]
      3.  break [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/break]
      4.  class [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/class]
      5.  const [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/const]
      6.  continue [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/continue]
      7.  debugger [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/debugger]
      8.  do...while [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/do...while]
      9.  empty [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/Empty]
      10. export [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/export]
      11. for await...of [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for-await...of]
      12. for...in [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for...in]
      13. for...of [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for...of]
      14. for [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for]
      15. function* [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function*]
      16. function declaration [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function]
      17. if...else [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/if...else]
      18. import.meta [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import.meta]
      19. import [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import]
      20. label [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/label]
      21. let [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/let]
      22. return [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/return]
      23. switch [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/switch]
      24. throw [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/throw]
      25. try...catch [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/try...catch]
      26. var [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/var]
      27. while [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/while]
      28. with [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/with]

 11. Functions
      1. The arguments object [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/arguments]
      2. Arrow function expressions [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/Arrow_functions]
      3. Default parameters [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/Default_parameters]
      4. getter [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/get]
      5. Method definitions [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/Method_definitions]
      6. Rest parameters [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/rest_parameters]
      7. setter [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/set]

 12. Classes
      1. Class static initialization blocks [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Class_static_initialization_blocks]
      2. constructor [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/constructor]
      3. extends [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/extends]
      4. Private class features [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Private_class_fields]
      5. Public class fields [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Public_class_fields]
      6. static [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/static]

 13. Errors
      1.  Warning: -file- is being assigned a //# sourceMappingURL, but already has one
          [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Already_has_pragma]
      2.  TypeError: invalid Array.prototype.sort argument [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Array_sort_argument]
      3.  Warning: 08/09 is not a legal ECMA-262 octal constant [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Bad_octal]
      4.  RangeError: radix must be an integer [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Bad_radix]
      5.  SyntaxError: invalid regular expression flag "x" [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Bad_regexp_flag]
      6.  SyntaxError: return not in function [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Bad_return_or_yield]
      7.  TypeError: X.prototype.y called on incompatible type [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Called_on_incompatible_type]
      8.  ReferenceError: can't access lexical declaration`X' before initialization
          [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Cant_access_lexical_declaration_before_init]
      9.  TypeError: can't access property "x" of "y" [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Cant_access_property]
      10. TypeError: can't assign to property "x" on "y": not an object [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Cant_assign_to_property]
      11. TypeError: can't define property "x": "obj" is not extensible
          [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Cant_define_property_object_not_extensible]
      12. TypeError: property "x" is non-configurable and can't be deleted [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Cant_delete]
      13. TypeError: can't redefine non-configurable property "x" [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Cant_redefine_property]
      14. TypeError: cyclic object value [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Cyclic_object_value]
      15. TypeError: can't access dead object [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Dead_object]
      16. SyntaxError: applying the 'delete' operator to an unqualified name is deprecated
          [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Delete_in_strict_mode]
      17. ReferenceError: deprecated caller or arguments usage [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Deprecated_caller_or_arguments_usage]
      18. Warning: expression closures are deprecated [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Deprecated_expression_closures]
      19. SyntaxError: "0"-prefixed octal literals and octal escape seq. are deprecated [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Deprecated_octal]
      20. SyntaxError: Using //@ to indicate sourceURL pragmas is deprecated. Use //# instead
          [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Deprecated_source_map_pragma]
      21. Warning: String.x is deprecated; use String.prototype.x instead [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Deprecated_String_generics]
      22. Warning: Date.prototype.toLocaleFormat is deprecated [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Deprecated_toLocaleFormat]
      23. SyntaxError: test for equality (==) mistyped as assignment (=)? [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Equal_as_assign]
      24. TypeError: setting getter-only property "x" [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Getter_only]
      25. SyntaxError: Unexpected '#' used outside of class body [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Hash_outside_class]
      26. SyntaxError: identifier starts immediately after numeric literal [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Identifier_after_number]
      27. SyntaxError: illegal character [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Illegal_character]
      28. TypeError: cannot use 'in' operator to search for 'x' in 'y' [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/in_operator_no_object]
      29. RangeError: invalid array length [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Invalid_array_length]
      30. ReferenceError: invalid assignment left-hand side [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Invalid_assignment_left-hand_side]
      31. TypeError: invalid assignment to const "x" [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Invalid_const_assignment]
      32. RangeError: invalid date [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Invalid_date]
      33. SyntaxError: for-in loop head declarations may not have initializers
          [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Invalid_for-in_initializer]
      34. SyntaxError: a declaration in the head of a for-of loop can't have an initializer
          [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Invalid_for-of_initializer]
      35. TypeError: invalid 'instanceof' operand 'x' [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/invalid_right_hand_side_instanceof_operand]
      36. TypeError: 'x' is not iterable [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/is_not_iterable]
      37. SyntaxError: JSON.parse: bad parsing [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/JSON_bad_parse]
      38. SyntaxError: Malformed formal parameter [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Malformed_formal_parameter]
      39. URIError: malformed URI sequence [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Malformed_URI]
      40. SyntaxError: missing ] after element list [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Missing_bracket_after_list]
      41. SyntaxError: missing : after property id [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Missing_colon_after_property_id]
      42. SyntaxError: missing } after function body [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Missing_curly_after_function_body]
      43. SyntaxError: missing } after property list [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Missing_curly_after_property_list]
      44. SyntaxError: missing formal parameter [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Missing_formal_parameter]
      45. SyntaxError: missing = in const declaration [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Missing_initializer_in_const]
      46. SyntaxError: missing name after . operator [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Missing_name_after_dot_operator]
      47. SyntaxError: missing ) after argument list [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Missing_parenthesis_after_argument_list]
      48. SyntaxError: missing ) after condition [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Missing_parenthesis_after_condition]
      49. SyntaxError: missing ; before statement [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Missing_semicolon_before_statement]
      50. TypeError: More arguments needed [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/More_arguments_needed]
      51. RangeError: repeat count must be non-negative [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Negative_repetition_count]
      52. TypeError: "x" is not a non-null object [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/No_non-null_object]
      53. TypeError: "x" has no properties [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/No_properties]
      54. SyntaxError: missing variable name [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/No_variable_name]
      55. TypeError: can't delete non-configurable array element [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Non_configurable_array_element]
      56. RangeError: argument is not a valid code point [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Not_a_codepoint]
      57. TypeError: "x" is not a constructor [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Not_a_constructor]
      58. TypeError: "x" is not a function [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Not_a_function]
      59. ReferenceError: "x" is not defined [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Not_defined]
      60. RangeError: precision is out of range [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Precision_range]
      61. Error: Permission denied to access property "x" [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Property_access_denied]
      62. TypeError: "x" is read-only [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Read-only]
      63. SyntaxError: redeclaration of formal parameter "x" [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Redeclared_parameter]
      64. TypeError: Reduce of empty array with no initial value
          [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Reduce_of_empty_array_with_no_initial_value]
      65. SyntaxError: "x" is a reserved identifier [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Reserved_identifier]
      66. RangeError: repeat count must be less than infinity [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Resulting_string_too_large]
      67. Warning: unreachable code after return statement [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Stmt_after_return]
      68. SyntaxError: "use strict" not allowed in function with non-simple parameters
          [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Strict_Non_Simple_Params]
      69. InternalError: too much recursion [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Too_much_recursion]
      70. ReferenceError: assignment to undeclared variable "x" [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Undeclared_var]
      71. ReferenceError: reference to undefined property "x" [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Undefined_prop]
      72. SyntaxError: Unexpected token [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Unexpected_token]
      73. TypeError: "x" is (not) "y" [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Unexpected_type]
      74. SyntaxError: function statement requires a name [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Unnamed_function_statement]
      75. SyntaxError: unterminated string literal [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Errors/Unterminated_string_literal]

 14. Misc
      1. JavaScript technologies overview [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/JavaScript_technologies_overview]
      2. Lexical grammar [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Lexical_grammar]
      3. JavaScript data structures [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Data_structures]
      4. Enumerability and ownership of properties [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Enumerability_and_ownership_of_properties]
      5. Iteration protocols [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols]
      6. Strict mode [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Strict_mode]
      7. Transitioning to strict mode [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Strict_mode/Transitioning_to_strict_mode]
      8. Template literals [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals]
      9. Deprecated features [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Deprecated_and_obsolete_features]

/en-US/
 * Web Technologies [/en-US/docs/Web]
 * Learn Web Development [/en-US/docs/Learn]
 * About MDN [/en-US/docs/MDN/About]
 * Feedback [/en-US/docs/MDN/Feedback]

 * About [https://www.mozilla.org/about/]
 * MDN Web Docs Store [https://shop.spreadshirt.com/mdn-store/]
 * Contact Us [https://www.mozilla.org/contact/]
 * Firefox [https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/?utm_source=developer.mozilla.org&utm_campaign=footer&utm_medium=referral]

MDN

 * MDN on Twitter [https://twitter.com/mozdevnet]
 * MDN on Github [https://github.com/mdn/]

MOZILLA

 * Mozilla on Twitter [https://twitter.com/mozilla]
 * Mozilla on Instagram [https://www.instagram.com/mozillagram/]

¬© 2005-2021 Mozilla and individual contributors. Content is available under these licenses [/docs/MDN/About#Copyrights_and_licenses].

 * Terms [https://www.mozilla.org/about/legal/terms/mozilla]
 * Privacy [https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/websites/]
 * Cookies [https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/websites/#cookies]

